Corrections to EN files (#899)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Running-a-Server.md

---

> **Note** The following steps will result in you running an "Unregistered" Server. For more information on Server types, [see below](#server-modes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** The following steps will result in you running an "Unregistered" Server. For more information, see [the Server Modes section](#server-modes) below.
```

---

To run a headless server on Linux, the following steps assume you are familiar with the command line and Debian/Ubuntu or similar distribution that uses systemd.

> If you want to run a Server on a **Raspberry Pi** (or a different armhf/arm64 debian-based device), you will need to download the [latest armhf .deb file]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-headless-armhf }}) or [latest arm64 .deb file]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-headless-arm64 }}) depending on your CPU - not the default `amd64` ones for use on Intel/AMD machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a Server on a **Raspberry Pi** (or a different armhf/arm64 Debian-based computer), you will need to download the [latest armhf .deb file]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-headless-armhf }}) or [latest arm64 .deb file]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-headless-arm64 }}) depending on your CPU - not the default `amd64` ones for use on Intel/AMD machines.
```

Reviewer: Most listed Servers run Linux. The cheapest Ubuntu on AWS is ARM64. How do we know that most people installing headless Servers need AMD64?

When registering your Server with a Directory, this lets you supply a Server name and location details so that users can then search for these values from their Client.

This option takes the format:

`[name];[city];[country as two-letter ISO country code]`

See [two-letter ISO country codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2#Officially_assigned_code_elements)

**Note:** Semicolon and newline characters are not allowed in `name` and `city` values.

##### `-L or --licence`
Show an agreement window before users can connect.  The text of the agreement to be shown should be supplied as the `--welcomemessage` (see below).

##### `-w or --welcomemessage`
A "welcome message" to display in the Client chat window on connect. Can be given as a string or filename, and can contain HTML.

##### `--serverpublicip`
The public IP address of the Server if connecting to a Directory behind the same NAT. See [the Directories guide](Directories) for further information.

##### `--directoryfile`
_Directories only:_ Remember registered Servers even if the Directory is restarted. See [the Directories guide](Directories) for further information.

##### `-f or --listfilter`

> _Directories only:_ Allowlist Servers registering on the Server. See [the Directories guide](Directories) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Directories only:_ Specify which Servers can register on the Directory Server. See [the Directories guide](Directories) for further information.
```

Reduces latency if Clients connect with **Enable Small Network Buffers** option. Requires faster CPU to avoid dropouts, and more bandwidth to enabled Clients.

##### `-l or --log`
Enable logging, set path and file name

##### `-m or --htmlstatus`
Enable HTML status file, set path and file name

**Note:** This feature is deprecated, and may disappear in a future release.

##### `-P or --delaypan`
Start with delay panning enabled. This option uses small differences in sound arrival time between the two ears. It produces a stereo effect similar to natural human hearing when compared to normal “volume” panning.

##### `-s` or `--server`
Start Jamulus in Server mode

##### `--serverbindip`
Specify the IP address the Jamulus process will bind to.

Normally, Jamulus will listen on all IP addresses on the host machine.  Where the host has multiple network addresses, this option allows one of the addresses to be chosen.

##### `-T or --multithreading`
Use multithreading to make better use of multi-core CPUs. This setting may help the Server support more Clients. See also `--numchannels`

##### `-u or --numchannels`
Maximum number of channels (Clients)

##### `-z or --startminimized`

> Start the Jamulus Server graphical user interface in the minimised window state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the Jamulus Server graphical user interface in the minimized window state.
```

Reviewer: Defers to the interface.

Reviewer 2: This is a bit of an anomaly - we decided to [use British spelling](https://jamulus.io/contribute/Style-and-Tone#we-use-british-english) a while ago, but obviously this option is the US one :-)
